Business goals are of interest to architects because they frequently lead directly to ASRs. There are three possible relationships between business goals and an architecture: 1.  Business goals often lead to quality attribute requirements. Every quality attribute requirement—such as user-visible response time or platform flexibility or iron-clad security or any of a dozen other needs—originates from some higher purpose that can be described in terms of added value. A desire to differentiate a product from its competition and let the developing organization capture market share may lead to a requirement for what might seem like an unusually fast response time. Also, knowing the business goal behind a particularly stringent requirement enables the architect to question the requirement in a meaningful way—or marshal the resources to meet it. 2.  Business goals may affect the architecture without inducing a quality attribute requirement at all. A software architect related to us that some years ago he delivered an early draft of the architecture to his manager. The manager remarked that a database was missing from the architecture. The architect, pleased that the manager had noticed, explained how he (the architect) had devised a design approach that obviated the need for a bulky, expensive database. The manager, however, pressed for the design to include a database, because the organization had a database unit employing a number of highly paid technical staff who were currently unassigned and needed work. No requirements specification would capture such a requirement, nor would any manager allow such a motivation to be captured. And yet that architecture, had it been delivered without a database, would have been just as deficient—from the manager’s point of view—as if it had failed to deliver an important function or QA.