The elements that you will select are the ones involved in the satisfaction of specific drivers. For this reason, when the design addresses an existing system, you need to have a good understanding of the elements that are part of the as-built architecture of the system. Obtaining this information might involve some “detective work,” reverse engineering, or discussions with developers. In some cases, you may need to reverse the order of steps 2 and 3. For example, when designing a greenfield system or when fleshing out certain types of reference architectures, you will, at least in the early stages of design, focus on elements of the system and start the iteration by selecting a particular element and then considering the drivers that you want to address. #### Step 4: Choose One or More Design Concepts That Satisfy the Selected Drivers Choosing the design concept(s) is probably the most difficult decision you will face in the design process, because it requires you to identify the various design concepts that might plausibly be used to achieve your iteration goal, and to then make a selection from these alternatives. Many different types of design concepts are available—for example, tactics, patterns, reference architectures, and externally developed components—and, for each type, many options may exist. This can result in a considerable number of alternatives that need to be analyzed to before making the final choice. In [Section 20.3](ch20.xhtml#ch20lev1sec3), we discuss the identification and selection of design concepts in more detail.