An architecture diagram shows a combined view of the client-server, multi-tier, and deployment. The admin user PC and internet user PC machine nodes are shown at the top left and bottom left respectively. These two machine nodes have a single client tier in which the bank admin and web browser client-side applications are shown. The app server 1 machine node is shown on the right that has a web tier. A web UI web component is shown inside the web tier. The admin user PC shows a 1 to 1 intranet communication channel with app server 1. The internet user PC shows a many to 1 internet communication channel with app server 1. The app server 2 machine node is shown on the right of app server 1 that has a component tier inside. The component tier has three stateful session beans such as account controller, customer controller, and tx controller displayed vertically on the left. The component tier has three entity bean such as account, customer, and tx displayed vertically on the right. The web browser has an HTTP connection with the web UI. The bank admin has a remote component call with an account controller and customer controller. Similarly, the web UI has a remote component call with an account controller, customer controller, and tx controller. App server 1 has JDBC database access with app server 2. The account controller has a remote component call with the account and customer. The customer controller has a remote component call with the customer. The tx controller has a remote component call with account and tx. The database server machine node is displayed on the right of the app server 2. This database server has a back-end tier that encloses a bank DB relational data source. The account controller, customer controller, tx controller, account, customer, and tx are connected to bank DB. App server 2 shows a 1 to 1 communication channel with the database server.