Finally, be aware that not all of the internal interfaces need to be identified in any given ADD iteration. Some may be delegated to later design activities. ### 20.5 More on ADD Step 6: Creating Preliminary Documentation during the Design As we will see in [Chapter 22](ch22.xhtml#ch22), software architecture is documented as a set of views, which represent the different structures that compose the architecture. The formal documentation of these views is not part of ADD. Structures, however, are produced as part of design. Capturing them, even if they are represented informally (as sketches), along with the design decisions that led you to create these structures, is a task that should be performed as part of normal ADD activities. #### Recording Sketches of the Views When you produce structures by instantiating the design concepts that you have selected to address a particular design problem, you will typically not only produce these structures in your mind but also create some sketches of them. In the simplest case, you will produce these sketches on a whiteboard, a flipchart, a drawing tool, or even just a piece of paper. Additionally, you may use a modeling tool to draw the structures in a more rigorous way. The sketches that you produce are an initial documentation for your architecture that you should capture and that you may flesh out later, if necessary. When you create sketches, you don’t necessarily need to use a more formal language such as UML—although if you’re fluent and comfortable with this process, please do so. If you use some informal notation, you should be careful in maintaining consistency in the use of symbols. Eventually, you will need to add a legend to your diagrams to provide clarity and avoid ambiguity.