The system supports 24/7/365 web-based account access by patients. (M, M) Once you have a utility tree filled out, you can use it to make important checks. For instance: *  A QA or QA refinement without any ASR scenario is not necessarily an error or omission that needs to be rectified, but rather an indication you should investigate whether there are unrecorded ASR scenarios in that area. *  ASR scenarios that receive a (H, H) rating are obviously the ones that deserve the most attention from you; these are the most significant of the significant requirements. A very large number of these scenarios might be a cause for concern regarding whether the system is, in fact, achievable. ### 19.5 Change Happens Edward Berard said, “Walking on water and developing software from a specification are both easy if both are frozen.” Nothing in this chapter should be taken to assume that such a miraculous state of affairs is likely to exist. Requirements—whether captured or not—change all the time. Architects have to adapt and keep up, to ensure that their architectures are still the right ones that will bring success to the project. In [Chapter 25](ch25.xhtml#ch25), where we discuss architecture competence, we’ll advise that architects need to be great communicators, and this means great bidirectional communicators, taking in as well as supplying information. Always keep a channel open to the key stakeholders who determine the ASRs so you can keep up with changing requirements. The methods offered in this chapter can be applied repetitively to accommodate change.