Other important aspects of VM images are: *  These images are very large, so transferring them over a network can be very slow. *  An image is bundled with all of its dependencies. *  You can build a VM image on your development computer and then deploy it to the cloud. *  You may wish to add your own services to the VM. While you could easily install services when creating an image, this would lead to a unique image for every version of every service. Aside from the storage cost, this proliferation of images becomes difficult to keep track of and manage. Thus it is customary to create images that contain only the operating system and other essential programs, and then add services to these images after the VM is booted, in a process called configuration. ### 16.4 Containers VMs solve the problem of sharing resources and maintaining isolation. However, VM images can be large, and transferring VM images around the network is time-consuming. Suppose you have an 8 GB(yte) VM image. You wish to move this from one location on the network to another. In theory, on a 1 Gb(it) per second network, this will take 64 seconds. However, in practice a 1 Gbps network operates at around 35% efficiency. Thus transferring an 8 GB VM image will take more than 3 minutes in the real world. Although you can adopt some techniques to reduce this transfer time, the result will still be a duration measured in minutes. After the image is transferred, the VM must boot the operating system and start your services, which takes still more time.