Every evaluation should include (at least) these steps: 1.  The reviewers individually ensure that they understand the current state of the architecture. This can be done through shared documentation, through a presentation by the architect, or through some combination of these. 2.  The reviewers determine a number of drivers to guide the review. These drivers may already be documented, or they can be developed by the review team or by additional stakeholders. Typically the most important drivers to review are the high-priority quality attribute scenarios (and not, say, purely functional use cases). 3.  For each scenario, each reviewer should determine whether the scenario is satisfied. The reviewers pose questions to determine two types of information. First, they want to determine that the scenario is, in fact, satisfied. This could be done by having the architect walk through the architecture and explain how the scenario is satisfied. If the architecture is already documented, then the reviewers can use that documentation to make this assessment. Second, they want to determine whether any of the other scenarios being considered will not be satisfied because of the decisions made in the portion of the architecture being reviewed. The reviewers may pose alternatives to any risky aspect of the current design that might better satisfy the scenario. These alternatives should be subjected to the same type of analysis. Time constraints play a role in determining how long this step is allowed to continue.