# Going Off Script Years of experience have taught us that no architecture evaluation exercise ever goes completely by the book. And yet for all the ways that an exercise might go terribly wrong, for all the details that can be overlooked, for all the fragile egos that can be bruised, and for all the high stakes that are on the table, we have never had an architecture evaluation exercise spiral out of control. Every single one has been a success, as measured by the feedback we gather from clients. While they all turned out successfully, there have been a few memorable cliffhangers. More than once, we began an architecture evaluation, only to discover that the development organization had no architecture to be evaluated. Sometimes there was a stack of class diagrams or vague text descriptions masquerading as an architecture. Once we were promised that the architecture would be ready by the time the exercise began, but in spite of good intentions, it wasn’t. (We weren’t always so prudent about pre-exercise preparation and qualification. Our current diligence is a result of experiences like these.) But it was okay. In cases like these, the evaluation’s main results included the articulated set of quality attributes, a “whiteboard” architecture sketched during the exercise, plus a set of documentation obligations for the architect. In all cases, the client felt that the detailed scenarios, the analysis we were able to perform on the elicited architecture, and the recognition of what needed to be done more than justified the exercise.