#### Step 5: Instantiate Architectural Elements, Allocate Responsibilities, and Define Interfaces Once you have selected one or more design concepts, you must make another type of design decision: how to instantiate elements out of the design concepts that you just selected. For example, if you selected the layers pattern as a design concept, you must decide how many layers will be used, and their allowed relationships, since the pattern itself does not prescribe these. After instantiating the elements, you then need to allocate responsibilities to each of them. For example, in an app, at least three layers are usually present: presentation, business, and data. The responsibilities of these layers differ: The responsibilities of the presentation layer include managing all of the user interactions, the business layer manages application logic and enforces business rules, and the data layer manages the persistence and consistency of data. Instantiating elements is only one part of creating structures that satisfy a driver or a concern. The elements that have been instantiated also need to be connected, thereby allowing them to collaborate with each other. This requires the existence of relationships between the elements and the exchange of information through some kind of interface. The interface is a contractual specification indicating how information should flow between the elements. In [Section 20.4](ch20.xhtml#ch20lev1sec4), we present more details on how the different types of design concepts are instantiated, how structures are created, and how interfaces are defined.