In this presentation, the architect covers technical constraints such as the operating system, platforms prescribed for use, and other systems with which this system must interact. Most importantly, the architect describes the architectural approaches (or patterns, or tactics, if the architect is fluent in that vocabulary) used to meet the requirements. We expect architectural views, as introduced in [Chapter 1](ch01.xhtml#ch01) and described in detail in [Chapter 22](ch22.xhtml#ch22), to be the primary vehicle by which the architect conveys the architecture. Context diagrams, component-and-connector views, module decomposition or layered views, and the deployment view are useful in almost every evaluation, and the architect should be prepared to show them. Other views can be presented if they contain information relevant to the architecture at hand, especially information relevant to satisfying important quality attribute requirements. ##### Step 4: Identify the Architectural Approaches The ATAM focuses on analyzing an architecture by understanding its architectural approaches. Architectural patterns and tactics are useful for (among other reasons) the known ways in which each one affects particular quality attributes. For example, a layered pattern tends to bring portability and maintainability to a system, possibly at the expense of performance. A publish-subscribe pattern is scalable in the number of producers and consumers of data, whereas the active redundancy pattern promotes high availability.