The outputs of the ATAM exercise can be used to build a final report that recaps the method, summarizes the proceedings, captures the scenarios and their analysis, and catalogs the findings. An ATAM-based evaluation also produces intangible results that should not be ignored. These include a sense of community on the part of the stakeholders, open communication channels between the architect and the stakeholders, and a better overall understanding among all participants of the architecture and its strengths and weaknesses. While these results are hard to measure, they are no less important than the others. #### Phases of the ATAM Activities in an ATAM-based evaluation are spread out over four phases: *  In phase 0, “Partnership and Preparation,” the evaluation team leadership and the key project decision makers work out the details of the exercise. The project representatives brief the evaluators about the project so that the evaluation team can be supplemented by people who possess the appropriate expertise. Together, the two groups agree on logistics, such as the time when the evaluation will take place and technology used to support the meetings. They also agree on a preliminary list of stakeholders (by name, not just role), and negotiate when the final report will be delivered and to whom. They deal with formalities such as a statement of work or nondisclosure agreements. The evaluation team examines the architecture documentation to gain an understanding of the architecture and the major design approaches that it comprises. Finally, the evaluation team leader explains what information the manager and architect will be expected to show during phase 1, and helps them construct their presentations, if necessary.