Two characteristics of batteries change as they age: the maximum battery capacity and the maximum sustained current. An architect must allow for managing consumption within the changing envelope of available power so that the device still performs at an acceptable level. Monitoring plays a role in generator-equipped systems as well, since some applications may need to be shut down or put on standby when generator output is low. The battery manager can also determine which applications are currently active and what their energy consumption is. The overall percentage of the change in battery capacity can then be estimated based on this information. Of course, the battery manager itself utilizes resources—memory and CPU time. The amount of CPU time consumed by the battery manager can be managed by adjusting the query interval. ##### Throttling Energy Usage Energy usage can be reduced by either terminating or degrading portions of the system that consume energy; this is the throttle usage tactic described in [Chapter 6](ch06.xhtml#ch06). The specifics of how this is done depend on the individual elements of the system, but a common example is reducing the brightness or the refresh rate of the display on a smartphone. Other techniques for throttling energy usage include reducing the number of active cores of the processor, reducing the clock rate of the cores, and reducing the frequency of sensor readings. For example, instead of asking for GPS location data every few seconds, ask for it every minute or so. Instead of relying on different location data sources such as GPS and cell towers, use just one of those.