Steps 2–7 make up the activities for each design iteration carried out within this design round. #### Step 2: Establish Iteration Goal by Selecting Drivers Each design iteration focuses on achieving a particular goal. Such a goal typically involves designing to satisfy a subset of the drivers. For example, an iteration goal could be to create structures from elements that will allow a particular performance scenario, or a use case to be achieved. For this reason, when performing design activities, you need to establish a goal before you start a particular design iteration. #### Step 3: Choose One or More Elements of the System to Refine Satisfying drivers requires you to make architectural design decisions, which then manifest themselves in one or more architectural structures. These structures are composed of interrelated elements—modules and/or components, as defined in [Chapter 1](ch01.xhtml#ch01)—and these elements are generally obtained by refining other elements that you previously identified in an earlier iteration. Refinement can mean decomposition into finer-grained elements (top-down approach), combination of elements into coarser-grained elements (bottom-up approach) or the improvement of previously identified elements. For greenfield development, you can start by establishing the system context and then selecting the only available element—that is, the system itself—for refinement by decomposition. For existing systems or for later design iterations in greenfield systems, you normally choose to refine elements that were identified in prior iterations.