You can create a script with the steps for the creation of a container image and store it in a file. This file is specific to the tool you are using to create the container image. Such a file allows you to specify which pieces of software are to be loaded into the container and saved as an image. Using version control on the specification file ensures that each member of your team can create an identical container image and modify the specification file as needed. Treating these scripts as code brings a wealth of advantages: These scripts can be consciously designed, tested, configuration controlled, reviewed, documented, and shared. ### 16.5 Containers and VMs What are the tradeoffs between delivering your service in a VM and delivering your service in a container? As we noted earlier, a VM virtualizes the physical hardware: CPU, disk, memory, and network. The software that you run on the VM includes an entire operating system, and you can run almost any operating system in a VM. You can also run almost any program in a VM (unless it must interact directly with the physical hardware), which is important when working with legacy or purchased software. Having the entire operating system also allows you to run multiple services in the same VM—a desirable outcome when the services are tightly coupled or share large data sets, or if you want to take advantage of the efficient interservice communication and coordination that are available when the services run within the context of the same VM. The hypervisor ensures that the operating system starts, monitors its execution, and restarts the operating system if it crashes.