Next, we discussed how to ensure that all of this processing remains correct in the presence of
faults. We saw that strong integrity guarantees can be implemented scalably with asynchronous event
processing, by using end-to-end operation identifiers to make operations idempotent and by checking
constraints asynchronously. Clients can either wait until the check has passed, or go ahead without
waiting but risk having to apologize about a constraint violation. This approach is much more
scalable and robust than the traditional approach of using distributed transactions, and fits with
how many business processes work in practice. By structuring applications around dataflow and checking constraints asynchronously, we can avoid
most coordination and create systems that maintain integrity but still perform well, even in
geographically distributed scenarios and in the presence of faults. We then talked a little about
using audits to verify the integrity of data and detect corruption. Finally, we took a step back and examined some ethical aspects of building data-intensive
applications. We saw that although data can be used to do good, it can also do significant harm:
making justifying decisions that seriously affect people’s lives and are difficult to appeal
against, leading to discrimination and exploitation, normalizing surveillance, and exposing intimate
information. We also run the risk of data breaches, and we may find that a well-intentioned use of
data has unintended consequences.