3.  The client that requested the username watches the output stream and waits for a success or
rejection message corresponding to its request. This algorithm is basically the same as in [“Implementing linearizable storage using total order broadcast”](ch09.html#sec_consistency_abcast_to_lin). It scales easily to a
large request throughput by increasing the number of partitions, as each partition can be processed
independently. 
The approach works not only for uniqueness constraints, but also for many other kinds of constraints.
Its fundamental principle is that any writes that may conflict are routed to the same partition and
processed sequentially. As discussed in [“What is a conflict?”](ch05.html#sec_replication_what_is_conflict) and
[“Write Skew and Phantoms”](ch07.html#sec_transactions_write_skew), the definition of a conflict may depend on the application, but the
stream processor can use arbitrary logic to validate a request. This idea is similar to the approach
pioneered by Bayou in the 1990s
[[58](ch12.html#Terry1995dn_ch12)]. ### Multi-partition request processing 
Ensuring that an operation is executed atomically, while satisfying constraints, becomes more
interesting when several partitions are involved. In [Example 12-2](#fig_future_request_id), there are
potentially three partitions: the one containing the request ID, the one containing the payee
account, and the one containing the payer account. There is no reason why those three things should
be in the same partition, since they are all independent from each other.