“Knowledge is power,” as the old adage goes. And furthermore, “to scrutinize others while avoiding
scrutiny oneself is one of the most important forms of power”
[[105](ch12.html#Ulbricht2016gh)].
This is why totalitarian governments want surveillance: it gives them the power to control the
population. Although today’s technology companies are not overtly seeking political power, the data
and knowledge they have accumulated nevertheless gives them a lot of power over our lives, much of
which is surreptitious, outside of public oversight
[[106](ch12.html#Goodman2016um)]. ### Remembering the Industrial Revolution 
Data is the defining feature of the information age. The internet, data storage, processing, and
software-driven automation are having a major impact on the global economy and human society. As our daily lives
and social organization have changed in the past decade, and will probably continue to radically
change in the coming decades, comparisons to the Industrial Revolution come to mind
[[87](ch12.html#ONeil2016vh),
[96](ch12.html#Schneier2015vf)]. The Industrial Revolution came about through major technological and agricultural advances, and it
brought sustained economic growth and significantly improved living standards in the long run. Yet
it also came with major problems: pollution of the air (due to smoke and chemical processes) and the
water (from industrial and human waste) was dreadful. Factory owners lived in splendor, while urban
workers often lived in very poor housing and worked long hours in harsh conditions. Child labor was
common, including dangerous and poorly paid work in mines.