Besides the advantages listed in [“Message-Passing Dataflow”](ch04.html#sec_encoding_dataflow_msg), such as better fault tolerance,
dataflow systems can also achieve better performance. For example, say a customer is purchasing an
item that is priced in one currency but paid for in another currency. In order to perform the
currency conversion, you need to know the current exchange rate. This operation could be implemented
in two ways [[40](ch12.html#Stopford2016tk),
[41](ch12.html#Posta2016uo)]: 1.  In the microservices approach, the code that processes the purchase would probably query an
exchange-rate service or database in order to obtain the current rate for a particular currency. 2.  
In the dataflow approach, the code that processes purchases would subscribe to a stream of
exchange rate updates ahead of time, and record the current rate in a local database whenever it
changes. When it comes to processing the purchase, it only needs to query the local database. The second approach has replaced a synchronous network request to another service with a query to a
local database (which may be on the same machine, even in the same
process).[ii](ch12.html#idm140605755583872) Not only is the dataflow approach faster, but it is also more
robust to the failure of another service. The fastest and most reliable network request is no
network request at all! Instead of RPC, we now have a stream join between purchase events and
exchange rate update events (see [“Stream-table join (stream enrichment)”](ch11.html#sec_stream_table_joins)).