*  Schedule resources. Scheduling is the allocation of tasks to computational resources. As we will see in [Chapter 9](ch09.xhtml#ch09), the schedule resources tactic can increase performance. In the energy context, it can be used to effectively manage energy usage, given task constraints and respecting task priorities. Scheduling can be based on data collected using one or more resource monitoring tactics. Using an energy discovery service in a cloud context, or a controller in a multi-core context, a computational task can dynamically switch among computational resources, such as service providers, selecting the ones that offer better energy efficiency or lower energy costs. For example, one provider may be more lightly loaded than another, allowing it to adapt its energy usage, perhaps using some of the tactics described earlier, and consume less energy, on average, per unit of work. #### Reduce Resource Demand This category of tactics is detailed in [Chapter 9](ch09.xhtml#ch09). Tactics in this category—manage event arrival, limit event response, prioritize events (perhaps letting low-priority events go unserviced), reduce computational overhead, bound execution times, and increase resource usage efficiency—all directly increase energy efficiency by doing less work. This is a complementary tactic to reduce usage, in that the reduce usage tactic assumes that the demand stays the same, whereas the reduce resource demand tactics are a means of explicitly managing (and reducing) the demand.