*  Reconfiguration. Reconfiguration attempts to recover from failures by reassigning responsibilities to the (potentially restricted) resources or components left functioning, while maintaining as much functionality as possible. Reintroduction occurs when a failed component is reintroduced after it has been repaired. Reintroduction tactics include the following: *  Shadow. This tactic refers to operating a previously failed or in-service upgraded component in a “shadow mode” for a predefined duration of time prior to reverting the component back to an active role. During this duration, its behavior can be monitored for correctness and it can repopulate its state incrementally. *  State resynchronization. This reintroduction tactic is a partner to the redundant spare tactic. When used with active redundancy—a version of the redundant spare tactic—the state resynchronization occurs organically, since the active and standby components each receive and process identical inputs in parallel. In practice, the states of the active and standby components are periodically compared to ensure synchronization. This comparison may be based on a cyclic redundancy check calculation (checksum) or, for systems providing safety-critical services, a message digest calculation (a one-way hash function). When used alongside the passive redundancy version of the redundant spare tactic, state resynchronization is based solely on periodic state information transmitted from the active component(s) to the standby component(s), typically via checkpointing.