Got all that? Lists like these—and there are many of them floating around—do serve a purpose. They can be helpful checklists to assist requirements gatherers in making sure that no important needs were overlooked. Even more useful than standalone lists, they can serve as the basis for creating your own checklist that contains the QAs of concern in your domain, your industry, your organization, your products. QA lists can also serve as the basis for establishing measures, though the names themselves give little clue as to how to do this. If “fun” turns out to be an important concern in your system, how do you measure it to know if your system is providing enough of it? General lists like these also have some drawbacks. First, no list will ever be complete. As an architect, you will inevitably be called upon to design a system to meet a stakeholder concern not foreseen by any list-maker. For example, some writers speak of “manageability,” which expresses how easy it is for system administrators to manage the application. This can be achieved by inserting useful instrumentation for monitoring operations and for debugging and performance tuning. We know of an architecture that was designed with the conscious goal of retaining key staff and attracting talented new hires to a quiet region of the American Midwest. That system’s architects spoke of imbuing the system with “Iowability.” They achieved it by bringing in state-of-the-art technology and giving their development teams wide creative latitude. Good luck finding “Iowability” in any standard list of QAs, but that QA was as important to that organization as any other.