### 22.5 Documenting Behavior Documenting an architecture requires behavior documentation that complements the structural views by describing how architecture elements interact with each other. Reasoning about characteristics such as a system’s potential to deadlock, a system’s ability to complete a task in the desired amount of time, or maximum memory consumption requires that the architecture description provide information about the characteristics of individual elements and their resource consumption, as well as patterns of interaction among them—that is, how they behave in relation to each other. In this section, we provide guidance as to what types of things you will want to document to reap these benefits. Two kinds of notations are available for documenting behavior: trace-oriented and comprehensive. Traces are sequences of activities or interactions that describe the system’s response to a specific stimulus when the system is in a specific state. A trace describes a sequence of activities or interactions between structural elements of the system. Although one might conceivably describe all possible traces to generate the equivalent of a comprehensive behavioral model, trace-oriented documentation does not really seek to do so. Here we describe four notations for documenting traces: use cases, sequence diagrams, communication diagrams, and activity diagrams. Although other notations are available (such as message sequence charts, timing diagrams, and the Business Process Execution Language), we have chosen these four as a representative sample of trace-oriented notations.