Figure 3.3 Tactics are intended to control responses to stimuli. Why do we focus on tactics? There are three reasons: 1.  Patterns are foundational for many architectures, but sometimes there may be no pattern that solves your problem completely. For example, you might need the high-availability high-security broker pattern, not the textbook broker pattern. Architects frequently need to modify and adapt patterns to their particular context, and tactics provide a systematic means for augmenting an existing pattern to fill the gaps. 2.  If no pattern exists to realize the architect’s design goal, tactics allow the architect to construct a design fragment from “first principles.” Tactics give the architect insight into the properties of the resulting design fragment. 3.  Tactics provide a way of making design and analysis more systematic within some limitations. We’ll explore this idea in the next section. Like any design concept, the tactics that we present here can and should be refined as they are applied to design a system. Consider performance: Schedule resources is a common performance tactic. But this tactic needs to be refined into a specific scheduling strategy, such as shortest-job-first, round-robin, and so forth, for specific purposes. Use an intermediary is a modifiability tactic. But there are multiple types of intermediaries (layers, brokers, proxies, and tiers, to name just a few), which are realized in different ways. Thus a designer will employ refinements to make each tactic concrete.