*  Variability refers to the ability of a system and its supporting artifacts, such as code, requirements, test plans, and documentation, to support the production of a set of variants that differ from each other in a preplanned fashion. Variability is an especially important quality attribute in a product line, which is a family of systems that are similar but vary in features and functions. If the engineering assets associated with these systems can be shared among members of the family, then the overall cost of the product line plummets. This is achieved by introducing mechanisms that allow the artifacts to be selected and/or adapt to usages in the different product contexts that are within the product line’s scope. The goal of variability in a software product line is to make it easy to build and maintain products in that family over a period of time. *  Portability refers to the ease with which software that was built to run on one platform can be changed to run on a different platform. Portability is achieved by minimizing platform dependencies in the software, isolating dependencies to well-identified locations, and writing the software to run on a “virtual machine” (for example, a Java Virtual Machine) that encapsulates all the platform dependencies. Scenarios describing portability deal with moving software to a new platform by expending no more than a certain level of effort or by counting the number of places in the software that would have to change. Architectural approaches to dealing with portability are intertwined with those for deployability, a topic addressed in [Chapter 5](ch05.xhtml#ch05).