*  Reduce usage. Usage can be reduced at the device level by device-specific activities such as reducing the refresh rate of a display or darkening the background. Removing or deactivating resources when demands no longer require them is another method for decreasing energy consumption. This may involve spinning down hard drives, turning off CPUs or servers, running CPUs at a slower clock rate, or shutting down current to blocks of the processor that are not in use. It might also take the form of moving VMs onto the minimum number of physical servers (consolidation), combined with shutting down idle computational resources. In mobile applications, energy savings may be realized by sending part of the computation to the cloud, assuming that the energy consumption of communication is lower than the energy consumption of computation. *  Discovery. As we will see in [Chapter 7](ch07.xhtml#ch07), a discovery service matches service requests (from clients) with service providers, supporting the identification and remote invocation of those services. Traditionally discovery services have made these matches based on a description of the service request (typically an API). In the context of energy efficiency, this request could be annotated with energy information, allowing the requestor to choose a service provider (resource) based on its (possibly dynamic) energy characteristics. For the cloud, this energy information can be stored in a “green service directory” populated by information from metering, static classification, or dynamic classification (the resource monitoring tactics). For a smartphone, the information could be obtained from an app store. Currently such information is ad hoc at best, and typically nonexistent in service APIs.