In addition to this book, Clements is the co-author of two other practitioner-oriented books about software architecture: Documenting Software Architectures: Views and Beyond and Evaluating Software Architectures: Methods and Case Studies. He also co-wrote Software Product Lines: Practices and Patterns and was co-author and editor of Constructing Superior Software. In addition, Clements has authored about a hundred papers in software engineering, reflecting his long-standing interest in the design and specification of challenging software systems. Rick Kazman is a Professor at the University of Hawaii and a Visiting Researcher at the Software Engineering Institute of Carnegie Mellon University. His primary research interests are software architecture, design and analysis tools, software visualization, and software engineering economics. Kazman has been involved in the creation of several highly influential methods and tools for architecture analysis, including the ATAM (Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method), the CBAM (Cost-Benefit Analysis Method), and the Dali and Titan tools. In addition to this book, he is the author of over 200 publications and is co-author of three patents and eight books, including Technical Debt: How to Find It and Fix It, Designing Software Architectures: A Practical Approach, Evaluating Software Architectures: Methods and Case Studies, and Ultra-Large-Scale Systems: The Software Challenge of the Future. His research has been cited over 25,000 times, according to Google Scholar. He is currently the chair of the IEEE TAC (Technical Activities Committee), Associate Editor for IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering, and a member of the ICSE Steering Committee.