*  Concurrency structure. This C&C structure allows the architect to determine opportunities for parallelism and the locations where resource contention may occur. The units are components, and the connectors are their communication mechanisms. The components are arranged into “logical threads.” A logical thread is a sequence of computations that could be allocated to a separate physical thread later in the design process. The concurrency structure is used early in the design process to identify and manage issues associated with concurrent execution. #### Some Useful Allocation Structures Allocation structures define how the elements from C&C or module structures map onto things that are not software—typically hardware (possibly virtualized), teams, and file systems. Useful allocation structures include: *  Deployment structure. The deployment structure shows how software is assigned to hardware processing and communication elements. The elements are software elements (usually a process from a C&C structure), hardware entities (processors), and communication pathways. Relations are “allocated-to,” showing on which physical units the software elements reside, and “migrates-to,” if the allocation is dynamic. This structure can be used to reason about performance, data integrity, security, and availability. It is of particular interest in distributed systems and is the key structure involved in the achievement of the quality attribute of deployability (see [Chapter 5](ch05.xhtml#ch05)). [Figure 1.10](ch01.xhtml#ch01fig10) shows a simple deployment structure in UML.