In a world where semi-autonomous and autonomous vehicles are the subject of much research and development, functional safety is becoming increasingly more prominent. For a long time, ISO 26026 has been the standard in functional safety of road vehicles. There is also a wave of new norms such as ANSI/UL 4600, “Standard for Safety for the Evaluation of Autonomous Vehicles and Other Products,” which tackle the challenges that emerge when software takes the wheel, figuratively and literally. ### 10.6 Discussion Questions 1. List 10 computer-controlled devices that are part of your everyday life right now, and hypothesize ways that a malicious or malfunctioning system could use them to hurt you. 2. Write a safety scenario that is designed to prevent a stationary robotic device (such as an assembly arm on a manufacturing line) from injuring someone, and discuss tactics to achieve it. 3. The U.S. Navy’s F/A-18 Hornet fighter aircraft was one of the early applications of fly-by-wire technology, in which onboard computers send digital commands to the control surfaces (ailerons, rudder, etc.) based on the pilot’s input to the control stick and rudder pedals. The flight control software was programmed to prevent the pilot from commanding certain violent maneuvers that might cause the aircraft to enter an unsafe flight regime. During early flight testing, which often involves pushing the aircraft to (and beyond) its utmost limits, an aircraft entered an unsafe state and “violent maneuvers” were exactly what were needed to save it—but the computers dutifully prevented them. The aircraft crashed into the ocean because of software designed to keep it safe. Write a safety scenario to address this situation, and discuss the tactics that would have prevented this outcome.