To get an overview of some of the many patterns for performance, see Real-Time Design Patterns: Robust Scalable Architecture for Real-Time Systems [[Douglass 99](ref01.xhtml#ref_80)] and Pattern-Oriented Software Architecture Volume 3: Patterns for Resource Management [Kircher 03]. In addition, Microsoft has published a catalog of performance and scalability patterns for cloud-based applications: [https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/category/performance-scalability](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/patterns/category/performance-scalability). ### 9.6 Discussion Questions 1. “Every system has real-time performance constraints.” Discuss. Can you provide a counterexample? 2. Write a concrete performance scenario that describes the average on-time flight arrival performance for an airline. 3. Write several performance scenarios for an online auction site. Think about whether your major concern is worst-case latency, average-case latency, throughput, or some other response measure. Which tactics would you use to satisfy your scenarios? 4. Web-based systems often use proxy servers, which are the first element of the system to receive a request from a client (such as your browser). Proxy servers are able to serve up often-requested web pages, such as a company’s home page, without bothering the real application servers that carry out transactions. A system may include many proxy servers, and they are often located geographically close to large user communities, to decrease response time for routine requests. What performance tactics do you see at work here?