The Federal Aviation Administration is the U.S. government agency charged with oversight of the U.S. airspace system and is extremely concerned about safety. Its 2019 System Safety Handbook is a good practical overview of the topic. [Chapter 10](ch10.xhtml#ch10) of this handbook deals with software safety. You can download it from [faa.gov/regulations_policies/handbooks_manuals/aviation/risk_management/ss_handbook/](http://faa.gov/regulations_policies/handbooks_manuals/aviation/risk_management/ss_handbook/). Phil Koopman is well known in the automotive safety field. He has several tutorials available online that deal with safety-critical patterns. See, for example, [youtube.com/watch?v=JA5wdyOjoXg](http://youtube.com/watch?v=JA5wdyOjoXg) and [youtube.com/watch?v=4Tdh3jq6W4Y](http://youtube.com/watch?v=4Tdh3jq6W4Y). Koopman’s book, Better Embedded System Software, gives much more detail about safety patterns [[Koopman 10](ref01.xhtml#ref_149)]. Fault tree analysis dates from the early 1960s, but the granddaddy of resources for it is the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Fault Tree Handbook, published in 1981. NASA’s 2002 Fault Tree Handbook with Aerospace Applications is an updated comprehensive primer of the NRC handbook. Both are available online as downloadable PDF files. Similar to Design Assurance Levels, Safety Integrity Levels (SILs) provide definitions of how safety-critical various functions are. These definitions create a common understanding among the architects involved in designing the system, but also assist with safety evaluation. The IEC 61508 Standard titled “Functional Safety of Electrical/Electronic/Programmable Electronic Safety-related Systems” defines four SILs, with SIL 4 being the most dependable and SIL 1 being the least dependable. This standard is instantiated through domain-specific standards such as IEC 62279 for the railway industry, titled “Railway Applications: Communication, Signaling and Processing Systems: Software for Railway Control and Protection Systems.”