*  Versioning. Multiple interfaces support evolution by keeping the old interface and adding a new one. The old one can be deprecated when it is no longer needed or the decision has been made to no longer support it. This requires the actor to specify which version of an interface it is using. *  Extension. Extending an interface means leaving the original interface unchanged and adding new resources to the interface that embody the desired changes. [Figure 15.1(a)](ch15.xhtml#ch15fig01) shows the original interface. If the extension does not contain any incompatibilities with the original interface, then the element can implement the external interface directly, as shown in [Figure 15.1(b)](ch15.xhtml#ch15fig01). In contrast, if the extension introduces some incompatibilities, then it is necessary to have an internal interface for the element and to add a mediator to translate between the external interface and the internal interface, as shown in [Figure 15.1(c)](ch15.xhtml#ch15fig01). As an example of an incompatibility, suppose the original interface assumed that apartment numbers were included in the address but the extended interface broke out apartment numbers as a separate parameter. The internal interface would have the apartment number as a separate parameter. Then the mediator, if invoked from the original interface, would parse the address to determine any apartment number, whereas the mediator would pass the apartment number included in the separate parameter on to the internal interface unchanged.