Abstracting common services allows for consistency when handling common infrastructure concerns (e.g., translations, security mechanisms, and logging). When these features change, or when new versions of the components implementing these features change, the changes can be made in a smaller number of places. An abstract service is often paired with an intermediary that may perform processing to hide syntactic and data semantic differences among specific elements. #### Adapt ##### Discover A discovery service is a catalog of relevant addresses, which comes in handy whenever there is a need to translate from one form of address to another, whenever the target address may have been dynamically bound, or when there are multiple targets. It is the mechanism by which applications and services locate each other. A discovery service may be used to enumerate variants of particular elements that are used in different products. Entries in a discovery service are there because they were registered. This registration can happen statically, or it can happen dynamically when a service is instantiated. Entries in the discovery service should be de-registered when they are no longer relevant. Again, this can be done statically, such as with a DNS server, or dynamically. Dynamic de-registration can be handled by the discovery service itself performing health checks on its entries, or it can be carried out by an external piece of software that knows when a particular entry in the catalog is no longer relevant.