An enterprise architecture will specify, for example, the data model that various systems use to interact. It will also specify rules for how the enterprise’s systems interact with external systems. Software is only one concern of enterprise architecture. How the software is used by humans to perform business processes and the standards that determine the computational environment are two other common concerns addressed by enterprise architecture. Sometimes the software infrastructure that supports communication among systems and with the external world is considered a portion of the enterprise architecture; at other times, this infrastructure is considered one of the systems within an enterprise. (In either case, the architecture of that infrastructure is a software architecture!) These two views will result in different management structures and spheres of influence for the individuals concerned with the infrastructure. Are These Disciplines in Scope for This Book? Yes! (Well, No.) The system and the enterprise provide environments for, and constraints on, the software architecture. The software architecture must live within the system and the enterprise, and increasingly is the focus for achieving the organization’s business goals. Enterprise and system architectures share a great deal with software architectures. All can be designed, evaluated, and documented; all answer to requirements; all are intended to satisfy stakeholders; all consist of structures, which in turn consist of elements and relationships; all have a repertoire of patterns at their respective architects’ disposal; and the list goes on. So to the extent that these architectures share commonalities with software architecture, they are in the scope of this book. But like all technical disciplines, each has its own specialized vocabulary and techniques, and we won’t cover those. Copious other sources exist that do.