Of course, the humans don’t always get it right when the computers get it wrong. On the stormy night of June 1, 2009, Air France flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris plummeted into the Atlantic Ocean, killing all 228 people on board, despite the aircraft’s engines and flight controls working perfectly. The Airbus A-330’s flight recorders, which were not recovered until May 2011, showed that the pilots never knew that the aircraft had entered a high-altitude stall. The sensors that measure airspeed had become clogged with ice and therefore unreliable; the autopilot disengaged as a result. The human pilots thought the aircraft was going too fast (and in danger of structural failure) when in fact it was going too slow (and falling). During the entire 3-minute-plus plunge from 35,000 feet, the pilots kept trying to pull the nose up and throttle back to lower the speed, when all they needed to do was lower the nose to increase the speed and resume normal flying. Very probably adding to the confusion was the way the A-330’s stall warning system worked. When the system detects a stall, it emits a loud audible alarm. The software deactivates the stall warning when it “thinks” that the angle of attack measurements are invalid. This can occur when the airspeed readings are very low. That is what happened with AF447: Its forward speed dropped below 60 knots, and the angle of attack was extremely high. As a consequence of this flight control software rule, the stall warning stopped and started several times. Worse, it came on whenever the pilot pushed forward on the stick (increasing the airspeed and taking the readings into the “valid” range, but still in stall) and then stopped when he pulled back. That is, doing the right thing resulted in exactly the wrong feedback, and vice versa. Was this an unsafe system, or a safe system operated unsafely? Ultimately questions like this are decided in the courts.