*  Exception prevention. This tactic refers to techniques employed for the purpose of preventing system exceptions from occurring. The use of exception classes, which allows a system to transparently recover from system exceptions, was discussed earlier. Other examples of exception prevention include error-correcting code (used in telecommunications), abstract data types such as smart pointers, and the use of wrappers to prevent faults such as dangling pointers or semaphore access violations. Smart pointers prevent exceptions by doing bounds checking on pointers, and by ensuring that resources are automatically de-allocated when no data refers to them, thereby avoiding resource leaks. *  Increase competence set. A program’s competence set is the set of states in which it is “competent” to operate. For example, the state when the denominator is zero is outside the competence set of most divide programs. When a component raises an exception, it is signaling that it has discovered itself to be outside its competence set; in essence, it doesn’t know what to do and is throwing in the towel. Increasing a component’s competence set means designing it to handle more cases—faults—as part of its normal operation. For example, a component that assumes it has access to a shared resource might throw an exception if it discovers that access is blocked. Another component might simply wait for access or return immediately with an indication that it will complete its operation on its own the next time it does have access. In this example, the second component has a larger competence set than the first.