The strategies for these and other quality attributes are supremely architectural. But an architecture alone cannot guarantee the functionality or quality required of a system. Poor downstream design or implementation decisions can always undermine an adequate architectural design. As we like to say (mostly in jest): What the architecture giveth, the implementation may taketh away. Decisions at all stages of the life cycle—from architectural design to coding and implementation and testing—affect system quality. Therefore, quality is not completely a function of an architectural design. But that’s where it starts. ### 2.2 Reasoning about and Managing Change This is a corollary to the previous point. Modifiability—the ease with which changes can be made to a system— is a quality attribute (and hence covered by the arguments in the previous section), but it is such an important quality that we have awarded it its own spot in the List of Thirteen. The software development community is coming to grips with the fact that roughly 80 percent of a typical software system’s total cost occurs after initial deployment. Most systems that people work on are in this phase. Many programmers and software designers never get to work on new development—they work under the constraints of the existing architecture and the existing body of code. Virtually all software systems change over their lifetimes, to accommodate new features, to adapt to new environments, to fix bugs, and so forth. But the reality is that these changes are often fraught with difficulty.