An entire LAE can be prosecuted in less than a day—perhaps an afternoon. The results will depend on how well the assembled team understands the goals of the method, the techniques of the method, and the system itself. The evaluation team, being internal, is typically less objective than an external evaluation team, and this may compromise the value of its results: One tends to hear fewer new ideas and fewer dissenting opinions. Nevertheless, this version of evaluation is inexpensive, is easy to convene, and involves relatively low ceremony, so it can be quickly deployed whenever a project wants an architecture quality assurance sanity check. # Tactics-Based Questionnaires Another (even lighter) lightweight evaluation method that we discussed in [Chapter 3](ch03.xhtml#ch03) is the tactics-based questionnaire. A tactics-based questionnaire focuses on a single quality attribute at a time. It can be used by the architect to aid in reflection and introspection, or it can be used to structure a question-and-answer session between an evaluator (or evaluation team) and an architect (or group of designers). This kind of session is typically short—around one hour per quality attribute—but can reveal a great deal about the design decisions taken, and those not taken, in pursuit of control of a quality attribute and the risks that are often buried within those decisions. We have provided quality attribute–specific questionnaires in [Chapters 4](ch04.xhtml#ch04)–[13](ch13.xhtml#ch13) to help guide you in this process.