*  A service mesh enforces the deployment of utility functions onto the same processor as the services that use those utility functions. This cuts down on communication time between the service and its utilities since the communication does not need to use network messages. *  The service mesh can be configured to make communication dependent on context, thus simplifying functions such as the canary and A/B testing described in [Chapter 3](ch03.xhtml#ch03). Tradeoffs: *  The sidecars introduce more executing processes, and each of these will consume some processing power, adding to the system’s overhead. *  A sidecar typically includes multiple functions, and not all of these will be needed in every service or every invocation of a service. #### Load Balancer A load balancer is a kind of intermediary that handles messages originating from some set of clients and determines which instance of a service should respond to those messages. The key to this pattern is that the load balancer serves as a single point of contact for incoming messages—for example, a single IP address—but it then farms out requests to a pool of providers (servers or services) that can respond to the request. In this way, the load can be balanced across the pool of providers. The load balancer implements some form of the schedule resources tactic. The scheduling algorithm may be very simple, such as round-robin, or it may take into account the load on each provider, or the number of requests awaiting service at each provider.