It is possible for an instance to move from healthy to unhealthy, and back again. Suppose, for example, that the instance has an overloaded queue. When initially contacted, it may not respond to the load balancer’s health check, but once the queue has been drained, it may be ready to respond again. For this reason, the load balancer checks multiple times before moving an instance to an unhealthy list, and then periodically checks the unhealthy list to determine whether an instance is again responding. In other cases, a hard failure or crash may cause the failed instance to restart and re-register with the load balancer, or a new replacement instance may be started and registered with the load balancer, so as to maintain overall service delivery capacity. A load balancer with health checking improves availability by hiding the failure of a service instance from clients. The pool of service instances can be sized to accommodate some number of simultaneous service instance failures while still providing enough overall service capacity to handle the required volume of client requests within the desired latency. However, even when using health checking, a service instance might sometimes start processing a client request but never return a response. Clients must be designed so that they resend a request if they do not receive a timely response, allowing the load balancer to distribute the request to a different service instance. Services must correspondingly be designed such that multiple identical requests can be accommodated.