We begin by describing a process for outside evaluators (Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method); we then describe a process for peer review (Lightweight Architecture Evaluation). ### 21.5 The Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method The Architecture Tradeoff Analysis Method (ATAM) is the process we have formalized to perform architecture evaluations. The ATAM has been used for more than two decades to evaluate software architectures of large systems in domains ranging from automotive to financial to defense. The ATAM is designed so that evaluators do not need prior familiarity with the architecture or its business goals, and the system need not be constructed yet. An ATAM exercise may be held either in person or remotely. #### Participants in the ATAM The ATAM requires the participation and mutual cooperation of three groups: *  The evaluation team. This group is external to the project whose architecture is being evaluated. It usually consists of three to five people. Each member of the team is assigned a number of specific roles to play during the evaluation; a single person may adopt several roles in an ATAM exercise. (See [Table 21.1](ch21.xhtml#ch21tab01) for a description of these roles.) The evaluation team may be a standing unit in which architecture evaluations are regularly performed, or its members may be chosen from a pool of architecturally savvy individuals for the occasion. They may work for the same organization as the development team whose architecture is on the table, or they may be outside consultants. In any case, they need to be recognized as competent, unbiased outsiders with no hidden agendas or axes to grind.