Building configurable behavior into portions of S is an integrability tactic that allows S to support a wider range of potential Cs. This tactic can potentially address syntactic, data semantic, behavioral semantic, and temporal dimensions of distance. #### Coordinate ##### Orchestrate Orchestrate is a tactic that uses a control mechanism to coordinate and manage the invocation of particular services so that they can remain unaware of each other. Orchestration helps with the integration of a set of loosely coupled reusable services to create a system that meets a new need. Integration costs are reduced when orchestration is included in an architecture in a way that supports the services that are likely to be integrated in the future. This tactic allows future integration activities to focus on integration with the orchestration mechanism instead of point-to-point integration with multiple components. Workflow engines commonly make use of the orchestrate tactic. A workflow is a set of organized activities that order and coordinate software components to complete a business process. It may consist of other workflows, each of which may itself consist of aggregated services. The workflow model encourages reuse and agility, leading to more flexible business processes. Business processes can be managed under a philosophy of business process management (BPM) that views processes as a set of competitive assets to be managed. Complex orchestration can be specified in a language such as BPEL (Business Process Execution Language).