##### Adhere to Standards Standardization in system implementations is a primary enabler of integrability and interoperability, across both platforms and vendors. Standards vary considerably in terms of the scope of what they prescribe. Some focus on defining syntax and data semantics. Others include richer descriptions, such as those describing protocols that include behavioral and temporal semantics. Standards similarly vary in their scope of applicability or adoption. For example, standards published by widely recognized standards-setting organizations such as the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and the Object Management Group (OMG) are more likely to be broadly adopted. Conventions that are local to an organization, particularly if well documented and enforced, can provide similar benefits as “local standards,” though with less expectation of benefits when integrating components from outside the local standard’s sphere of adoption. Adopting a standard can be an effective integrability tactic, although its effectiveness is limited to benefits based on the dimensions of difference addressed in the standard and how likely it is that future component suppliers will conform to the standard. Restricting communication with a system S to require use of the standard often reduces the number of potential dependencies. Depending on what is defined in a standard, it may also address syntactic, data semantic, behavioral semantic, and temporal dimensions of distance.