# The Effect of Virtualization on the Different Environments

## 5 Deployability From the day we arrive on the planet And blinking, step into the sun There’s more to be seen than can ever be seen More to do than can ever be done —The Lion King There comes a day when software, like the rest of us, must leave home and venture out into the world and experience real life. Unlike the rest of us, software typically makes the trip many times, as changes and updates are made. This chapter is about making that transition as orderly and as effective and—most of all—as rapid as possible. That is the realm of continuous deployment, which is most enabled by the quality attribute of deployability. Why has deployability come to take a front-row seat in the world of quality attributes? In the “bad old days,” releases were infrequent—large numbers of changes were bundled into releases and scheduled. A release would contain new features and bug fixes. One release per month, per quarter, or even per year was common. Competitive pressures in many domains—with the charge being led by e-commerce—resulted in a need for much shorter release cycles. In these contexts, releases can occur at any time—possibly hundreds of releases per day—and each can be instigated by a different team within an organization. Being able to release frequently means that bug fixes in particular do not have to wait until the next scheduled release, but rather can be made and released as soon as a bug is discovered and fixed. It also means that new features do not need to be bundled into a release, but can be put into production at any time.