*  The plug-ins can evolve independently from the microkernel. Since they interact through fixed interfaces, as long as the interfaces do not change, the two types of elements are not otherwise coupled. Tradeoffs: *  Because plug-ins can be developed by different organizations, it is easier to introduce security vulnerabilities and privacy threats. #### Layers Pattern The layers pattern divides the system in such a way that the modules can be developed and evolved separately with little interaction among the parts, which supports portability, modifiability, and reuse. To achieve this separation of concerns, the layers pattern divides the software into units called layers. Each layer is a grouping of modules that offers a cohesive set of services. The allowed-to-use relationship among the layers is subject to a key constraint: The relations must be unidirectional. Layers completely partition a set of software, and each partition is exposed through a public interface. The layers are created to interact according to a strict ordering relation. If (A, B) is in this relation, we say that the software assigned to layer A is allowed to use any of the public facilities provided by layer B. (In a vertically arranged representation of layers, which is almost ubiquitous, A will be drawn higher than B.) In some cases, modules in one layer are required to directly use modules in a nonadjacent lower layer, although normally only next-lower-layer uses are allowed. This case of software in a higher layer using modules in a nonadjacent lower layer is called layer bridging. Upward usages are not allowed in this pattern.