*  An exception or error-handling view could help illuminate and draw attention to error reporting and resolution mechanisms. Such a view would show how components detect, report, and resolve faults or errors. It would help the architect identify the sources of errors and specify appropriate corrective actions for each. Finally, it would facilitate root-cause analysis in those cases. *  A reliability view would model reliability mechanisms such as replication and switch-over. It would also depict timing issues and transaction integrity. *  A performance view would include those aspects of the architecture useful for inferring the system’s performance. Such a view might show network traffic models, maximum latencies for operations, and so forth. These and other quality views reflect the documentation philosophy of ISO/IEC/IEEE standard 42010:2011, which prescribes creating views driven by the concerns of the architecture’s stakeholders. ### 22.4 Combining Views The basic principle of documenting an architecture as a set of separate views brings a divide-and-conquer advantage to the task of documentation. Of course, if those views were irrevocably different, with no association with one another, no one would be able to understand the system as a whole. However, because all structures in an architecture are part of the same architecture and exist to achieve a common purpose, many of them have strong associations with each other. Managing how architectural structures are associated is an important part of the architect’s job, independently of whether any documentation of those structures exists.