Manage sampling rate. In cases where the system cannot maintain adequate response levels, you can reduce the sampling frequency of the stimuli—for example, the rate at which data is received from a sensor or the number of video frames per second that you process. Of course, the price paid here is the fidelity of the video stream or the information you gather from the sensor data. Nevertheless, this is a viable strategy if the result is “good enough.” Such an approach is commonly used in signal processing systems where, for example, different codices can be chosen with different sampling rates and data formats. This design choice seeks to maintain predictable levels of latency; you must decide whether having a lower fidelity but consistent stream of data is preferable to having erratic latency. Some systems manage the sampling rate dynamically in response to latency measures or accuracy needs. *  Manage event arrival. A common way to manage event arrivals from an external system is to put in place a service level agreement (SLA) that specifies the maximum event arrival rate that you are willing to support. An SLA is an agreement of the form “The system or component will process X events arriving per unit time with a response time of Y.” This agreement constrains both the system—it must provide that response—and the client—if it makes more than X requests per unit time, the response is not guaranteed. Thus, from the client’s perspective, if it needs more than X requests per unit time to be serviced, it must utilize multiple instances of the element processing the requests. SLAs are one method for managing scalability for Internet-based systems.