*  Conceptual integrity. Conceptual integrity refers to consistency in the design of the architecture, and it contributes to the architecture’s understandability and leads to less confusion and more predictability in its implementation and maintenance. Conceptual integrity demands that the same thing is done in the same way through the architecture. In an architecture with conceptual integrity, less is more. For example, there are countless ways that components can send information to each other: messages, data structures, signaling of events, and so forth. An architecture with conceptual integrity would feature a small number of ways, and provide alternatives only if there is a compelling reason to do so. Similarly, components should all report and handle errors in the same way, log events or transactions in the same way, interact with the user in the same way, sanitize data in the same way, and so forth. *  Marketability. An architecture’s “marketability” is another QA of concern. Some systems are well known for their architectures, and these architectures sometimes carry a meaning all their own, independent of what other QAs they bring to the system. The current emphasis on building cloud-based and micro-service-based systems has taught us that the perception of an architecture can be at least as important as the actual qualities that the architecture brings. Many organizations, for example, have felt compelled to build cloud-based systems (or some other technologie du jour) whether or not that was the correct technical choice.