4.  Re-create the state of ψ in B. We have omitted many key details, but the point is this: Quantum teleportation is an essential ingredient of quantum communication. It relies on transmitting two bits over conventional communication channels. It is inherently secure, since all that an eavesdropper can determine are the two bits sent over conventional channels. Because A and B communicate through entanglement, they are not physically sent over a communication line. The U.S. National Institute of Science and Technology (NIST) is considering a variety of different quantum-based communication protocols to be the basis of a transport protocol called HTTPQ, which is intended to be a replacement for HTTPS. Given that it takes decades to replace one communication protocol with another, the goal is for HTTPQ to be adopted prior to the availability of quantum computers that can break HTTPS. ### 26.3 Quantum Computing and Encryption Quantum computers are extremely proficient at calculating the inverse of a function—in particular, the inverse of a hash function. There are many cases where this kind of calculation would be extremely useful, but particularly so in decrypting passwords. Passwords are almost never directly stored; instead, the hash of them is stored. The assumption behind storing only the hash is that computing the inverse of the hash function is computationally difficult and would take hundreds, if not thousands, of years to do—using conventional computers, that is. Quantum computers, however, change this calculation.