2.  Most architects and developers are unaware of energy efficiency as a quality attribute of concern, and hence do not know how to go about engineering and coding for it. More fundamentally, they lack an understanding of energy efficiency requirements—how to gather them and analyze them for completeness. Energy efficiency is not taught, or typically even mentioned, as a programmer’s concern in today’s educational curricula. In consequence, students may graduate with degrees in engineering or computer science without ever having been exposed to these issues. 3.  Most architects and developers lack suitable design concepts—models, patterns, tactics, and so forth—for designing for energy efficiency, as well as managing and monitoring it at runtime. But since energy efficiency is a relatively recent concern for the software engineering community, these design concepts are still in their infancy and no catalog yet exists. Cloud platforms typically do not have to be concerned with running out of energy (except in disaster scenarios), whereas this is a daily concern for users of mobile devices and some IoT devices. In cloud environments, scaling up and scaling down are core competencies, so decisions must be made on a regular basis about optimal resource allocation. With IoT devices, their size, form factors, and heat output all constrain their design space—there is no room for bulky batteries. In addition, the sheer number of IoT devices projected to be deployed in the next decade makes their energy usage a concern.