Recall that, in [Chapter 1](ch01.xhtml#ch01), we defined architecture in terms of elements and their relationships. In this chapter, we focus on one type of relationship. Interfaces are a fundamental abstraction mechanism necessary to connect elements together. They have an outsized impact on a system’s modifiability, usability, testability, performance, integrability, and more. Furthermore, asynchronous interfaces, which are commonly part of distributed systems, require event handlers—an architectural element. For a given element’s interface, there can be one or more implementations, each of which might have different performance, scalability, or availability guarantees. Likewise, different implementations for the same interface may be constructed for different platforms. Three points are implied by the discussion thus far: 1.  All elements have interfaces. All elements interact with some actors; otherwise, what is the point of the element’s existence? 2.  Interfaces are two-way. When considering interfaces, most software engineers first think of a summary of what an element provides. What methods does the element make available? What events does it process? But an element also interacts with its environment by making use of resources external to it or by assuming that its environment behaves in a certain way. If these resources are missing or if the environment doesn’t behave as expected, the element can’t function correctly. So an interface is more than what is provided by an element; an interface also includes what is required by an element.