2.  Physical security is probably more important and more effective than software security at preventing fraud and theft. If you don’t believe this, write your laptop’s password on a slip of paper, tape it to your laptop, and leave it in an unlocked car with the windows down. (Actually, please don’t do that. Consider this a thought experiment.) The lesson here is that if you are the architect for software that resides in a physical system, you will need to understand the QAs that are important for the entire system to achieve, and work with the system architects and engineers to ensure that your software architecture contributes positively to achieving them. The scenario techniques we introduced for software QAs work equally well for system QAs. If the system engineers and architects aren’t already using them, try to introduce them. ### 14.2 Using Standard Lists of Quality Attributes—Or Not Architects have no shortage of QA lists for software systems at their disposal. The standard with the pause-and-take-a-breath title of “ISO/IEC FCD 25010: Systems and Software Engineering: Systems and Software Product Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE): System and Software Quality Models” is a good example ([Figure 14.1](ch14.xhtml#ch14fig01)). This standard divides QAs into those supporting a “quality in use” model and those supporting a “product quality” model. That division is a bit of a stretch in some places, but it nevertheless begins a divide-and-conquer march through a breathtaking array of qualities.