# 6

## 6 Energy Efficiency Energy is a bit like money: If you have a positive balance, you can distribute it in various ways, but according to the classical laws that were believed at the beginning of the century, you weren’t allowed to be overdrawn. —Stephen Hawking Energy used by computers used to be free and unlimited—or at least that’s how we behaved. Architects rarely gave much consideration to the energy consumption of software in the past. But those days are now gone. With the dominance of mobile devices as the primary form of computing for most people, with the increasing adoption of the Internet of Things (IoT) in industry and government, and with the ubiquity of cloud services as the backbone of our computing infrastructure, energy has become an issue that architects can no longer ignore. Power is no longer “free” and unlimited. The energy efficiency of mobile devices affects us all. Likewise, cloud providers are increasingly concerned with the energy efficiency of their server farms. In 2016, it was reported that data centers globally accounted for more energy consumption (by 40 percent) than the entire United Kingdom—about 3 percent of all energy consumed worldwide. More recent estimates put that share up as high as 10 percent. The energy costs associated with running and, more importantly, cooling large data centers have led people to calculate the cost of putting whole data centers in space, where cooling is free and the sun provides unlimited power. At today’s launch prices, the economics are actually beginning to look favorable. Notably, server farms located underwater and in arctic climates are already a reality.