### 9.1 Performance General Scenario A performance scenario begins with an event arriving at the system. Responding correctly to the event requires resources (including time) to be consumed. While this is happening, the system may be simultaneously servicing other events. # Concurrency Concurrency is one of the more important concepts that an architect must understand and one of the least-taught topics in computer science courses. Concurrency refers to operations occurring in parallel. For example, suppose there is a thread that executes the statements x = 1; x++; and another thread that executes the same statements. What is the value of x after both threads have executed those statements? It could be either 2 or 3. I leave it to you to figure out how the value 3 could occur—or should I say I interleave it to you? Concurrency occurs anytime your system creates a new thread, because threads, by definition, are independent sequences of control. Multitasking on your system is supported by independent threads. Multiple users are simultaneously supported on your system through the use of threads. Concurrency also occurs anytime your system is executing on more than one processor, whether those processors are packaged separately or as multi-core processors. In addition, you must consider concurrency when you use parallel algorithms, parallelizing infrastructures such as map-reduce, or NoSQL databases, or when you use one of a variety of concurrent scheduling algorithms. In other words, concurrency is a tool available to you in many ways.