##### Condition Monitoring This tactic involves checking conditions in a process or device, or validating assumptions made during the design, perhaps by using assertions. Condition monitoring identifies system states that may lead to hazardous behavior. However, the monitor should be simple (and, ideally, provable) to ensure that it does not introduce new software errors or contribute significantly to overall workload. Condition monitoring provides the input to a predictive model and to sanity checking. ##### Sanity Checking The sanity checking tactic checks the validity or reasonableness of specific operation results, or inputs or outputs of a component. This tactic is typically based on a knowledge of the internal design, the state of the system, or the nature of the information under scrutiny. It is most often employed at interfaces, to examine a specific information flow. ##### Comparison The comparison tactic allows the system to detect unsafe states by comparing the outputs produced by a number of synchronized or replicated elements. Thus the comparison tactic works together with a redundancy tactic, typically the active redundancy tactic presented in the discussion of availability. When the number of replicants is three or greater, the comparison tactic can not only detect an unsafe state but also indicate which component has led to it. Comparison is related to the voting tactic used in availability. However, a comparison may not always lead to a vote; another option is to simply shut down if outputs differ.