*  Script deployment commands. Deployments are often complex and require many steps to be carried out and orchestrated precisely. For this reason, deployment is often scripted. These deployment scripts should be treated like code—documented, reviewed, tested, and version controlled. A scripting engine executes the deployment script automatically, saving time and minimizing opportunities for human error. #### Manage Deployed System *  Manage service interactions. This tactic accommodates simultaneous deployment and execution of multiple versions of system services. Multiple requests from a client could be directed to either version in any sequence. Having multiple versions of the same service in operation, however, may introduce version incompatibilities. In such cases, the interactions between services need to be mediated so that version incompatibilities are proactively avoided. This tactic is a resource management strategy, obviating the need to completely replicate the resources so as to separately deploy the old and new versions. *  Package dependencies. This tactic packages an element together with its dependencies so that they get deployed together and so that the versions of the dependencies are consistent as the element moves from development into production. The dependencies may include libraries, OS versions, and utility containers (e.g., sidecar, service mesh), which we will discuss in [Chapter 9](ch09.xhtml#ch09). Three means of packaging dependencies are using containers, pods, or virtual machines; these are discussed in more detail in [Chapter 16](ch16.xhtml#ch16).