We assume we have control over S, but the {Ci} may be outside our control—supplied by external vendors, for example, so our level of understanding of each Ci may vary. The clearer our understanding of Ci, the more capable the design and accurate the analysis will be. Of course, S is not static but will evolve, and this evolution may require reanalysis. Integrability (like other quality attributes such as modifiability) is challenging because it is about planning for a future when we have incomplete information at our disposal. Simply put, some integrations will be simpler than others because they have been anticipated and accommodated in the architecture, whereas others will be more complex because they have not been. Consider a simple analogy: To plug a North American plug (an example of a Ci) into a North American socket (an interface provided by the electrical system S), the “integration” is trivial. However, integrating a North American plug into a British socket will require an adapter. And the device with the North American plug may only run on 110-volt power, requiring further adaptation before it will work in a British 220-volt socket. Furthermore, if the component was designed to run at 60 Hz and the system provides 70 Hz, the component may not operate as intended even though it plugs in just fine. The architectural decisions made by 102the creators of S and Ci—for example, to provide plug adapters or voltage adapters, or to make the component operate identically at different frequencies—will affect the cost and risk of the integration.